chore(docs): broken markdown in rfcs (#1134)
winglang/wing: docs/05-rfcs/process.md

---
title: RFC Process

> description: How to create a ship a "Request For Comment"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: How to create and ship a "Request For Comments"
```
